Neapolitan Pizza - classic italian pizza fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, basil leaves, oregano, and olive oil.

Chicago Deep-dish pizza -  large amounts of cheese and a chunky tomato sauce.Pepperoni, salami, sausage & bacon.

GREEK PIZZA
fresh spinach, our secret spice blend, tomatoes, red onions, Kalamata olives, sliced pepperoncini, feta, mozzarella, choice of pizza sauce or extra virgin olive oil


MUSHROOM TRUFFLE
Mushroom, Basil, Truffle Oil Fontinella, Goat Cheese, Mozzarella, Parmigiano

EGGPLANT PARMESAN
Marinara Sauce, Eggplant, Ricotta, Mozzarella, Parmigiano

HAWAIIAN
Tomato Sauce, Ham, Pineapple, Mozzarella


SICILLIAN PEPPERONI
Tomato Sauce, Pepperoni, Fresh Motz, Mozzarella, Parmigiano

MANHATTAN PIZZA
Sliced Italian sausage, onions, bell peppers, and all-natural mozzarella cheese, with our homemade pizza sauce.

PESTO CHICKEN PIZZA
Tender grilled chicken, spinach, feta cheese, and all-natural mozzarella cheese, with our house-made pesto sauce.

PHILLY CHEESE STEAK
Alfredo sauce, premium mozzarella, provolone, steak, mushrooms, onions & green peppers

ALL MEATY®
Pizza sauce, premium mozzarella, pepperoni, ham, bacon, Italian sausage & hamburger

Pepperoni14.25W/ MOZZARELLA, PROVOLONE, ONION, PEPPERONCINI

Roasted Garlic13.75W/ OLIVE OIL, CALABRIAN CHILIS, CHERRY TOMATOES, FRESH MOZZARELLA, ARUGULA

Monaco18.25ARRABBIATA SAUCE, MOZZARELLA & PROVOLONE, SALAME TOSCANO, CAPICOLLO, PEPPERONI, FENNEL SAUSAGE, BACON, PECORINO, HERBED CHILI OIL

THE MEATY ONE $18
Organic crushed tomato / pepperoni / spicy soppressata / pork & fennel sausage / fior di latte

CHEESE PUDDLE
House Pulled Mozzarella, Caciocavallo Cheese, Roasted Garlic & Ricotta Provolone




Salads
Greek Salad
Kumato Tomatoes, Cherry Peppers, Feta Cheese, Red Onion, Cucumber, Olives

Caesar Salad
Option to Add Chicken

Garden Salad
Red Peppers, Red Onion, Cucumbers, Kumato Tomatoes




Chop Chop Salad
Chopped iceberg and romaine lettuce with pepperoni, chicken, fresh mozzarella and Parmesan cheese,
tomatoes, fried chickpeas, fresh basil with flatbread in an Italian vinaigrette. 






Mean Green6/12ARUGULA, SPINACH, BLACK BELUGA LENTILS, HARVEST TRAIL MIX, BROCCOLI FLORETS, SNOW PEAS, GREEN GODDES DRESSING



 GREEN SALAD 5.75 / 7.50
Mixed greens, roasted cherry tomatoes, and crumbled gorgonzola tossed with balsamic citrus vinaigrette
ROASTED CAULIFLOWER & GARDEN VEGETABLE 9.75
Oven-roasted cauliflower & eggplant, roasted cherry tomatoes, barbecued red onions, crispy prosciutto, mixed greens, and basil pesto vinaigrette 
 ITALIAN SALAMI SALAD 10.25
Mixed greens, marinated artichokes, red onions, roasted cherry tomatoes, capers and walnuts mixed with strips of hard salami, served with basil pesto vinaigrette

NAVONA SALAD
Fire Blistered Tomatoes, Marinated Carrots, Shaved Onion, Crispy Bread, Basil Balsamic

Caesar
Roasted Garlic Creamy Caesar, Pecorino Crispy Bread, White Anchovies, Black Pepper


Our classic Caesar salad topped with roasted cherry tomatoes, sliced avocado and marinated chicken breast
 CHICKEN SALAD 10.50
Marinated chicken breast served warm on a bed of mixed greens with green apples, roasted cherry tomatoes, gorgonzola and roasted pecans, tossed in a balsamic citrus vinaigrette
AVOCADO & ASPARAGUS SALAD 9.95
With feta, marinated artichokes, roasted cherry tomatoes and croutons over mixed greens with honey dijon vinaigrette
 EAT FIT GREEN SALAD, CHICKEN SALAD OR AVOCADO & ASPARAGUS SALAD
Served with a controlled portion of cheese and dressing and without croutons


RAVIOLI
Lightly Smoked Chicken, Ricotta, Mozzarella, Spinach Pasta, Blistered Tomatoes, Toasted Almonds


So seriously, in fact, we traveled the world studying the best of the best and developed our own technique. While visiting pizzerias in Italy, local slice joints in all 5 boroughs, and even your grandma for her special recipe (tell her we say hi!), our only pizza task master was quality. After all our efforts we’re giddy to bring that quality to you.

So whether it’s our imported ingredients from Italy, our homemade meatballs and sauces, our special water filtration system, or the fact that the pizza is baked in an old-school, stone deck oven, know that when you eat a slice it doesn’t taste like that on accident. Good pizza is important to us and you'll be able to tell.


We’re All About The Pizza
Since 2009, Max’s Coal Oven Pizzeria has offered authentic, New York style pizza, classic salads, pastas, Italian sandwiches, signature coal oven wings and freshly made desserts. One of our signature features is that we have the only genuine coal-burning oven in Georgia, enabling us to serve perfectly crisp pizzas, and create a unique taste and texture that has been a hallmark of New York City pizzerias for more than a century.

Here at Max’s, we’re all about the pizza. We’ve created the perfect dough which we top with our secret recipe red sauce, mozzarella, classic meats and fresh vegetables. From sausage and pepperoni to peppers and onions, Max’s offers options to meet everyone’s palette.

Whether you’re ready to watch the big game with friends, celebrating a birthday or picnicking in Centennial Olympic Park on a summer afternoon, Max’s is the perfect place to eat-in or pickup simple and delicious Italian classics.

Two Boots continues to grow while striving to maintain its idiosyncratic style and commitment to the community, supporting over thirty arts organizations, plus countless schools and social service agencies. Acclaimed as the best slice of pizza in the best pizza town in the world, Two Boots has become, as Time Out New York, put it “not just a restaurant, but a genuine NYC institution.” We remain proud of our East Village roots, and proud to be bringing our unique Cajun-Italian cooking — and karma — to the rest of the world.


How did they do it? From the very beginning, their sole focus was on quality ingredients. To this day, Jet’s® stands for the freshest vine-ripened tomatoes, Italian herbs and spices, dough prepared by hand each day, and hand-grated, premium mozzarella cheese. Of course, a few things have changed. That first location has grown to more than 400 in 20 states. And Jet’s® offers more than famous deep dish pizza, like delicious fresh salads, breads, a dessert, hand tossed and thin crust pizza, a gluten-free option and one-of-a-kind Jetzee sandwiches. One thing that will never change is their commitment to quality ingredients.

Now just imagine if Eugene had bought that house almost 40 years ago. Millions of happy customers would never have said, “Let’s get Jet’s! ®” It all worked out pretty tasty for everybody.




The philosophy of Restaurant Navona is a simple one: Honest and delicious cuisine, in a relaxed and welcoming environment.

At Restaurant Navona, everything we serve, from our pizza dough to our pasta, is lovingly made in-house. We strive to use the freshest, locally sourced ingredients, which allows us to deliver the highest quality dishes possible while supporting the farmers in the community that we call home. Our warm, inviting atmosphere offers one of the only fireside dining experiences available in the Capital District, perfect for chasing Old Man Winter away on a chilly upstate night.

Chef Mike Niccoli’s menu walks the line between Mediterranean and Modern Italian, with an emphasis on freshness and wood-fired fare. Niccoli, an Albany native, is a graduate of The Culinary Institute of America with honors, Voted Chef of the Year by his local chapter of the American Culinary Federation in 2015, recipient of the Albany Business Review 40 Under 40 Award in 2010 and has been a Culinary Instructor at Schenectady County Community College for more than six years.

Stop by and meet your new favorite neighbors at Restaurant Navona.

At Restaurant Navona, our focus is on freshness. Using locally sourced ingredients allows us to prepare the highest quality dishes possible, while supporting the farmers in our community. Almost everything on our menu involves our wood-fired oven, which boosts flavor while retaining more nutrients than other cooking methods.

 
Our draught beer selection is constantly changing, but always includes 16 different options – many of which come from local craft breweries!


Always
THE FRESHEST


At Restaurant Navona, freshness matters. Using locally sourced ingredients allows us to deliver the highest quality dishes, while supporting our community’s farmers.



A Touch
OF FIRE

Almost every dish we serve involves our wood fired oven, which boosts the flavor of our dishes while allowing them to retain more nutrients than other cooking methods.

Locally
SOURCED


Neighborhood
RESTAURANT

Thoughtfully prepared food and a relaxed neighborhood feel. Join us on the porch or by the fire, a meeting place for all seasons!

VIEW THE FULL MENU

Good. Pizza.
It is the marrow of our being.